c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\obj\Debug\LearningFromNoisyInput.fsproj.LearningFromNoisyInput.exe.config
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\bin\Debug\LearningFromNoisyInput.exe.config
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\bin\Debug\LearningFromNoisyInput.XML
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\bin\Debug\LearningFromNoisyInput.exe
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\bin\Debug\LearningFromNoisyInput.pdb
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\bin\Debug\FSharp.Charting.dll
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\bin\Debug\Infer.Compiler.dll
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\bin\Debug\Infer.FSharp.dll
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\bin\Debug\Infer.Fun.dll
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\bin\Debug\Infer.Runtime.dll
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.dll
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\bin\Debug\FSharp.Charting.pdb
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\bin\Debug\FSharp.Charting.xml
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\bin\Debug\Infer.Compiler.pdb
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\bin\Debug\Infer.Compiler.xml
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\bin\Debug\Infer.Fun.pdb
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\bin\Debug\Infer.Fun.xml
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\bin\Debug\Infer.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\bin\Debug\Infer.Runtime.xml
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.xml
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.xml
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\obj\Debug\LearningFromNoisyInput.exe
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\obj\Debug\LearningFromNoisyInput.pdb
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningFromNoisyInput\LearningFromNoisyInput\obj\Debug\LearningFromNoisyInput.fsprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
