c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningNoNoise\LearningNoNoise\bin\Debug\LearningNoNoise.exe.config
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningNoNoise\LearningNoNoise\bin\Debug\LearningNoNoise.XML
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningNoNoise\LearningNoNoise\bin\Debug\LearningNoNoise.exe
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningNoNoise\LearningNoNoise\bin\Debug\LearningNoNoise.pdb
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningNoNoise\LearningNoNoise\bin\Debug\FSharp.Charting.dll
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningNoNoise\LearningNoNoise\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningNoNoise\LearningNoNoise\bin\Debug\Infer.Compiler.dll
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningNoNoise\LearningNoNoise\bin\Debug\Infer.Fun.dll
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningNoNoise\LearningNoNoise\bin\Debug\Infer.Runtime.dll
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningNoNoise\LearningNoNoise\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.dll
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningNoNoise\LearningNoNoise\bin\Debug\FSharp.Charting.pdb
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningNoNoise\LearningNoNoise\bin\Debug\FSharp.Charting.xml
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningNoNoise\LearningNoNoise\bin\Debug\Infer.Compiler.pdb
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningNoNoise\LearningNoNoise\bin\Debug\Infer.Compiler.xml
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningNoNoise\LearningNoNoise\bin\Debug\Infer.Fun.pdb
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningNoNoise\LearningNoNoise\bin\Debug\Infer.Fun.xml
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningNoNoise\LearningNoNoise\bin\Debug\Infer.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningNoNoise\LearningNoNoise\bin\Debug\Infer.Runtime.xml
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningNoNoise\LearningNoNoise\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.xml
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningNoNoise\LearningNoNoise\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.xml
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningNoNoise\LearningNoNoise\obj\Debug\LearningNoNoise.fsproj.LearningNoNoise.exe.config
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningNoNoise\LearningNoNoise\obj\Debug\LearningNoNoise.exe
c:\users\gianpietro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearningNoNoise\LearningNoNoise\obj\Debug\LearningNoNoise.pdb
